at the same time giving the Internet of mobile networks
you watch the driver show the most interesting
from the world of gadgets internet and technology
for a week, the eye channel showed everything for
I try sleeves on the Internet rumors
the fact that in a short time in Russia can
ban google
and with it facebook and twitter vavu
this somehow ban google what
that it is necessary to use Yandex but
everything is not so simple it really
news about dingir that is to say she is like
one side is the other side of her
no matter how I explain it now
what was our favorite last week
control authority for all Roskomnadzor
sent by this three service a notification
about the need to register in
as an organizer of distribution
Information this concept appeared after
introducing a sensational law and bloggers
In short, the idea is that all the portals are
which users can publish
at least some content are
distribution organizers
Information Well, so by the same law
Still, the organizers are obliged to keep on
the territory of Russia for six
months activity information
users keyword on
Russian territory violators will
blocked already on January 1, 2015
accordingly if listed
portals will ignore the requirement
there will be a formal reason to ban them
google and companies are certainly no fights to
lose a million Russian market and
replacing a dozen new servers so
most likely the requirement is met by
at least you want to believe it
somehow reluctant to load yourself with a system
proxies and vpn-s so everything seems to be not
as scary as it seemed on the other
hand one more nasty little bell
there is now something more positive and
very soon in mid-October
official announcement is expected new
Google may however happen
that guglofonov will be several networks
there were details regarding
a device called nexus x
likely to say frankly
pleases 13 megapixel camera
snapdragon 805 battery processor on
3200 milliampere hours
hd resolution supposedly
the company is engaged in production
motorola gadget will look like
seriously grown up moto x diagonal
the smartphone consists 5 9 inches that is
Essentially we are dealing with the first peacock
nexus of ruler and I'm not sure what it is
well and however it is possible that
at the same time the largest will be
presented apparatus and the usual sizes
nexus 6 but this is not a fact at all
case, we will know the whole truth already in 15
the dates of October so watch
follow our news and subscribe
Exactly before the start of sales of the iPhone 6
friends who happened to last
friday
apple gave a few reasons to talk
about a company that was famous
harmonious combination of your own
software and iron
managed it on two of these
direction and so requests of people with
weak psyche and pregnant women
no further video to watch in the night from 25 to
September 26
iphone and the whole world got an offer
upgrade to the new version of the operating system
8.0.1 and happy were those who did not click
from the fatal button that evening after
installing update on iphone 6 on
devices completely gone cellular
communication and stopped working sensor and touch
oedipus the funny thing is
that the owners of iphone 5s and below in general
not a bit hurt not the total Che
noticed on the assurances of the apple in the end
hit 40,000 desperate lovers
fresh firmware of course later
small time and falling stock company
by a few percent was released
healing firmware ios 802 which all
corrected so don't be afraid now
can be updated
corrected all but one even with
latest update iphone 6 plus
continues to bend and this is the second hyip
rising around apple production
last week it all started a few
publications in which it was reported that
after wearing an apple phable in your pocket
becomes not very smooth in fact
it's more like a question from
competitors below blame the real problem
up to if desired device can bend
and you can burn the drown in the toilet
or smash with a sledgehammer
happened by itself we must take very much
developed pelvic muscles however
promised to deal with each
specific case separately so if
you are not a blogger bent over shay and funtik sake
views on youtube
you are not, it may very well be that your
disfigured device will be replaced by a new one
today in the script heading news
for real old school chikov in the store
on e100 digital sale started
classics are games that are nowhere and
can never be bought on disk
nowhere and never here and shot
small projects like child of time
flower or my favorite trajan 2 and
full-scale titles for example horror
outlast will cost subscription holder
ps plus in three hundred and eighty three rubles
Mickey Mouse Goes to the Cashier or Dinner
It is cheaper than under the iphone and by the way
this in itself is also amazing by
stocks are available several pieces of thief from
the poorest and such awesome narrow schA
like a worm jim that's for it separate
respect
just over a hundred toys find something
interesting things are possible regardless of the platform
do you have ps3
four or vita so I advise not
be lazy and look online the other day
ps cake shop links on the outstretched hand
this last day is it when you have
There is a manual drone photographer just such
flying friend showed guys on
intel innovation competition robot got
Nexia name its body is made of
flexible material which allows
attach it to your wrist like
bracelet but when you want to zabubenit
links left waving hand
the little helper will soar into the sky and
make some shots the owners don't
everything determines the position of the owner
finds a face and makes sure that
hit the frame and was the focus well and after
successful quadcopter shot
returns to its owner again you can
put on your arm like a bracelet
not all is just a concept yet
but he has already reached the final of the competition and
the guys assembled a working prototype on the base
intel iddis chip so it's quite possible
the novelty will soon appear on kickstarter
then on sale
Generally from all robots quadrocopter
have proven themselves the best pair
already do any
intelligent flying assistant that knew how
take off delivering loads and also myself
walking a dog
some manufacturers for example the same
samsung offer watches with features
smartphone but the device called
the portal is more like a smartphone with features
wrist watches guys from california
startups Rubix decided not to waste time on trifles and
stupidly put on a hand a hefty smartphone
with a 6 inch screen for this
it took two watchbands as well
flexible case and screen
so that the device clings to the hand
something like a communicator from the movies
about the future may be just that
there must be a really smart watch
as for the filling inside will stand
two giga RAM batteries for 3200
milliamper hours some cool
processor also bluetooth module ltd
wi-fi and of course not without
sensors to measure the pulse and
physical activity once already blades
all the same on your hand, let everything count and
monitor and besides smartphone
the watch is protected from moisture and dust
and from blows it is also important for
wearable electronics yet the project is not
very vigorously started on the site of Andy
calvary scored a little more than ten
percent of the required amount but something
tells me that with the development of flexible
screens of similar hybrids will be all
more
and the third disappears again worn hand on
This time the bracelet that serves
a kind of key to all doors
bracelet called nume
they are interested in such famous
companies like stealth force and master card
invested in the project about 14 million
dollars the main thing is that the bracelet
he can shoot
electrocardiogram then use
her to identify the owner that is
apparently purity of heartbeat and amplitude
in humans it is also a unique parameter
I personally think that this method
identification is not very obvious if
pulse jumped for example after running or
fell below normal as in this case
The device will go east to the window and
realizes that he is the hands of his owner
just begins to serve in this way
universal car key
electronic locks can even be with him
pay for purchases through nfc and more
use as a remote for
control technology at least many
users including me and arise
questions on this cunning identification by
pulse nevertheless device pre-ordered
10,000 people and investors are not
fools won how many millions in bukhara
well, for a snack skate power station under
the name of the cup was created by the designer from
the netherlands in fact is an ordinary skate in
there is no electric but there is
built-in battery which
charging while riding and
really don't care why
you don't produce a little while
electricity which should be enough for
8 charge of the same iPhone or for
listening to music for this skate
mounted at the bottom of this column
works graduation project of young
designers now he is looking for investors for
start of production
don't forget to subscribe our channel yet
watch program number on tv channel
Moscow 24 with you were littered ti-shape
Boris Yansky join our group
VKontakte there is the latest publications on
topic gadget hi-tech see you in
future and that day rolled up sleeves should
write down